[Doc] New API example notebook 4 - Customized Models (#929)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/api/notebooks/index.rst

Besides the Command Line Interfaces (CLIs), GraphStorm releases a set of Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) for users to build their own Graph Machine Learning (GML) models and pipelines. To help users to better use these APIs, we provide a set of Jupyter notebooks as examples. Users can download these notebooks and related python files, and then run them locally in the GraphStorm standalone mode.

.. note:: All runnable Jupyter notebooks and related python files can be downloaded from the `GraphStorm Github notebook repository <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/tree/main/docs/source/api/notebooks>`_.

These notebooks all use the same ACM data as discussed in the :ref:`User Your Own Data Tutorial<use-own-data>`. Users create the required dataset and explore details of it by running the `Notebook 0: Data Prepare <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docs/source/api/notebooks/Notebook_0_Data_Prepare.ipynb>`_ notebook.

> The `Notebook 1: Node classification Pipeline <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docs/source/api/notebooks/Notebook_1_NC_Pipeline.ipynb>`_ provides an example that demonstrates how to reproduce the node classification training and inference pipeline that is identical as the :ref:`Step 3: Launch training and inference scripts on your own graphs<launch_training_oyog>` does. While the `Notebook 2: Link Prediction Pipeline <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docs/source/api/notebooks/Notebook_2_LP_Pipeline.ipynb>`_ provides another example that use the same dataset, but conduct pipelines for link prediction training and inference. The `Notebook 3: Model Variants <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docs/source/api/notebooks/Notebook_3_Model_Variants.ipynb>`_ shows how to reproduce GraphStorm built-in model variants by using existing APIs. 

Author: The Notebook 3 shows how to use GraphStorm **built-in APIs**, e.g., RGAT encoder, HGT encoder, or other components, to create GraphStorm built-in model variants.

While Notebook 4 teaches users how to **customized** a GNN encoder, and then integrate it into GraphStorm models and training/inference pipelines.

> The `Notebook 1: Node classification Pipeline <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docs/source/api/notebooks/Notebook_1_NC_Pipeline.ipynb>`_ provides an example that demonstrates how to reproduce the node classification training and inference pipeline that is identical as the :ref:`Step 3: Launch training and inference scripts on your own graphs<launch_training_oyog>` does. While the `Notebook 2: Link Prediction Pipeline <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docs/source/api/notebooks/Notebook_2_LP_Pipeline.ipynb>`_ provides another example that use the same dataset, but conduct pipelines for link prediction training and inference. The `Notebook 3: Model Variants <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docs/source/api/notebooks/Notebook_3_Model_Variants.ipynb>`_ shows how to reproduce GraphStorm built-in model variants by using existing APIs. 

Author: Add a few words to give an example of the Notebook 3.

> To help users better understand how to modify GraphStorm for their specific requirements, the `Notebook 4: Customized Models <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docs/source/api/notebooks/Notebook_4_Customized_Models.ipynb>`_ provides an example of a customized `RGAT` encoder and how to embed it into the GraphStorm model architecture.

Reviewer: It is better to keep the notebook names consistent.

Author: Yes, aligned all notebook with their titles.

These notebooks all use the same ACM data as discussed in the :ref:`User Your Own Data Tutorial<use-own-data>`. Users can create the required dataset and explore details of it by running the `Notebook 0: Data Preparation <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docs/source/api/notebooks/Notebook_0_Data_Prepare.ipynb>`_.

The `Notebook 1: Use GraphStorm APIs for Building a Node Classification Pipeline <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docs/source/api/notebooks/Notebook_1_NC_Pipeline.ipynb>`_ provides an example that demonstrates how to reproduce the node classification training and inference pipeline that is identical as the :ref:`Step 3: Launch training and inference scripts on your own graphs<launch_training_oyog>` does. While the `Notebook 2: Use GraphStorm APIs for Building a Link Prediction Pipeline <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docs/source/api/notebooks/Notebook_2_LP_Pipeline.ipynb>`_ provides another example that use the same dataset, but conduct pipelines for link prediction training and inference. 

> GraphStorm has a variaty of built-in model components that can be easily combined to form model variants, e.g., turning an RGCN model into an HGT model, in the Command Line Interfaces(CLIs) by modifying :ref:`configurations<_configurations-run>` in the YAML file. Such built-in model variants can also be created by using GraphStorm APIs as demonstrated in `Notebook 3: Use GraphStorm APIs for Creating Built-in Model Variants <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docs/source/api/notebooks/Notebook_3_Model_Variants.ipynb>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GraphStorm provides a variaty of built-in neural network model components that can be easily combined to form different GNN models, e.g., RGCN and HGT. `Notebook 3: Use GraphStorm APIs for Creating Built-in Model Variants <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/docs/source/api/notebooks/Notebook_3_Model_Variants.ipynb>`_. demostrates how to leverage the built-in neural network components through GraphStorm APIs to implement models like RGCN, RGAT and HGT.
```

Reviewer 2: How about this? @zhjwy9343

  Notebook_1_NC_Pipeline
  Notebook_2_LP_Pipeline

>   Notebook_3_Model_Variants

Author: After rendered by rst file, it shows the full title as illustrated here https://james4graphstorm.readthedocs.io/en/james_nb4/api/notebooks/index.html
